Add query editor documentation (#958)
aws/graph-explorer: README.md

# Graph Explorer

> Graph Explorer project provides a React-based web application that enables users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Graph Explore provides a React-based web application that enables users
```

Reviewer 2: @Cole-Greer Graph Explorer

## Connections

Graph Explorer supports visualizing both **property graphs** and **RDF graphs**.
You can connect to Amazon Neptune or you can also connect to open graph

> databases that implement an Apache TinkerPop Gremlin Server endpoint or the

Author: I think so. 🤷‍♂️ 

I'll change it regardless.
